When we went about choosing a framework we considered three different factors, community, language, and performance. Community was one the biggest factors, since none of us had real production experience in doing any sort of large scale ML modeling and deployment. The only framework that fulfilled this need was Google’s Tensor Flow. It had been released in 2015 and had been widely open sourced. Leading to many academic researchers to contribute to it. And many smaller companies to use it in their production product pipelines. The combination of both engineers and scientists using it has lead to a lot of community driven decides being made to TF, making it easier to use and deploy. The by product of which is large amounts of documentation written by the community, and a large amount of personal and company blogs, detailing how they used TF to accomplish their goals. The only real competitor at the time of writing it this is Facebook’s PyTorch Library which was just open sourced early this year.
The other factor was the language interface it would use. Since only one person on the team had experience programming in a professional capacity, we wanted an easy to use interface, with which to build out the model. When we looked at what available we found that all of the popular frameworks were written in C++ and CUDA, but had a easy to use Python based interface. The only framework out of the four mentioned above, that only had C++ based interface was Caffe. 
The most important part of framework selection was the performance aspect. Most if not all ML research and production use cases happen on Nvidia GPU hardware. This is due to Nvidia’s development of their CUDA programming language for use with their GPUs. It makes parallel programming for their GPUs incredibly easy. This parallelization is what lets the complex matrix operations be computed with incredible speed. There were only two frameworks out of the four we mentioned, that used CUDA its code base. They were Tensor Flow and PyTorch, however PyTorch was not as robust as Tensor Flow in supporting the different version of CUDA.
