###There will be 2 main types of testing that will be performed on our system, one of which is the black box test and the other being the white box test. The black box tests can also be classified as behavioral testing, which is a software testing method. In this type of testing the internal design is unknown to the tester hence the name black box. The tester is mainly concerned with the input and output values. During a black box test, the testing is performed by changing the input values and comparing the systems output values to the expected values. 
The acceptance test is a document that will outline the customer’s expectation of the system in order for the product to be deemed acceptable. It will consist of a number of test scenarios according to the use of the system by the end user. The point of this test is to ensure that all engineering requirements are met. There will be 4 principles the acceptance test will need to be based off of in order to ensure we meet the engineering requirements:
1.	Abstract - Specification of what the system will do 
2.	Unambiguous - The testing criteria need to be clearly outlined
3.	Traceable - Directly assessing the customer needs of the project
4.	Verifiable - It is important to know if the system either passes or fails each testing scenario

There will be 2 main types of testing that will be performed on our system, one of which is the black box test and the other being the white box test. The black box tests can also be classified as behavioral testing which is a software testing method. In this type of testing the internal design is unknown to the tester hence the name black box. The tester is mainly concerned with the input and output values. During a black box test, the testing is performed by changing the input values and comparing the systems output values to the expected values. 
