# Design Process

This product will be a combination of a number of different technologies and applications. The first part of COS will be the users facing portion that will allow health care works to use the model. The second portion of COS will be the data storage and file conversation processes. And the third and most important part of the application will be the, model generated by the neural network. 

The user facing portion of the COS (UFP-COS) will consist of a ASP.NET MVC based application that the users can log into, and interact with patient data. It will have a MS SQL DB that it will use to store all user, and patient profile information. Where as the scans will be stored in a object storage provider, and be distrubuted through a content delivery network (CDN).

The data storage portion of the COS (DS-COS) will be responsable to store and process the files given to it, through the UFP-COS. This is because file serialization to store images in a database is not feasable at scale, especially when the amount of images that can be stored is not capped. Another aspect to DS-COS is the fact that the files that are given to UFP-COS will not be in a image format but in the DICOM file format that is common in the medical industry. Therefor we will have another server that will process and store the image gained from the file conversion. 

The final part of COS is the machine learning aspect of COS (ML-COS). COS will not in itself train models, but rather run a model that we give to it. This will take place on another server which will be running the data it take is given, and outputing the result. Which is then stored on DS-COS and then served to the medical practitioner.